First of all i have written a java file named "Copy.java".

Implemented features:
1. This program can take two input through command line as command line arguments.
   (args[0] and args[1])

2. First one is the source and second one is the destination(where source file will be copied or overwritten).

3. After taking inputs this program checks whether source is a file or not and destination is a directory or a file.
   Using isFile() and isDirectory() methods.

4. If the source is a file then the program shows a message to the user "Source is a file." 
   and if not it shows another message "Source is not a file."
   
5. On the other hand, If the destination is a directory then the program shows a message to the user 
   "Destination is a directory." 
   and if not it shows another message "Destination is not a directory."

6. If the destination folder does not exists but valid, a folder with same name will be automatically created using 
   mkdir() method and the corresponding source file will be copied there. 
  
7. On the other hand, if destination folder already exists, then the corresponding source file will be copied there 
   in same name. But, if the source file already exists in destination folder then it will ask user to choose 
   whether he/she wants to keep both file or overwrite? If they choose 1 and press enter, both file will be kept 
   and name of the copied file will be sourcefilename_copy.extension
   If they choose 2 and press enter, then the existing file will be overwritten.
   
8. If destination is a file but not exists then the destination file will be created using createNewFile() method.
   and the corresponding source file will be copied there.

9. This program also shows the byte size of the source file so that the user can know about the size of the file
   they are going to copy.
   
10. Finally, this program also shows the copying progress in percentage for example, "x% copying done..."
	where x = 10,20,30,...,100

11. After successfully copying the file this program shows a message to the user 
    "(Successfully copied)".
    